hotifx post (#131)
TeamNewPipe/website: _posts/2020-01-26-newpipe-0.18.2-released.md

---
layout: post

> title: "NewPipe 0.18.2 released: Hotfix for the YouTube-Extractor"

Reviewer: That dash shouldn't be there, gramatically speaking.

Author: me grammar great.

> short: "NewPipe 0.18.1 released"

Reviewer: The version is `.2`, you forgot to update this line.

Author: I did

date: 2020-01-26 00:00:00 +0100
categories: [release, pinned]
author: Poolitzer
image: newpipe
excerpt_separator: <!-- more -->
---

> 8 days after the last release and the next one is already out: A hotifx for the Extractor! A change on YouTubes side made it necessary.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
8 days after the last release and the next one is already out: A hotifx for the Extractor! A change on YouTube's side made it necessary.
```

> 8 days after the last release and the next one is already out: A hotifx for the Extractor! A change on YouTubes side made it necessary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8 days after the last release and the next one is already out: A hotfix for the Extractor! A change on YouTube's side made it necessary.
```

Reviewer: @Poolitzer hasn't allowed us to edit their branch. Took me 2 minutes to figure out why this is shown:

![screenshot_2020-01-26_12-46-01](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/4503202/73134678-d2131180-4039-11ea-8fb6-6a4c88a1a121.png)

Please commit this last change and we can merge and publish your post.

Author: But I ticked the box :(

Reviewer 2: @TheAssassin I'll merge and push a commit to master fixing the typos.

Author: Fixed them already

Reviewer 2: Oh. GitHub was a bit slow and didn't show me the new commit.
Thanks @Poolitzer!

Author: You are welcome

## Hotfix

> A hotfix release regarding the Extractor usually means that all the older versions of NewsPipe are likely to fail to play YouTube videos - this release is no difference. If you see any Guru Mediation error in the app, please update to this version before you create an issue (and/or verify that you actually have `0.18.2+` installed via hitting the `About` section in the left menu).

Reviewer: The excerpt shouldn't include any heading. Also it's not `NewsPipe`, it's `NewPipe`.

Author: I liked it as a separator from the headline, and also to state what the paragraph is about.

Its not NewsPipe though, correct.

<!-- more -->

> YouTube changed how they handled json. The actual fix was implemented by [@TobiGr](https://github.com/TobiGr), with the help of [@theScrabi](https://github.com/theScrabi) and (arguably even more helping) [@amuc](https://github.com/amuc). It was based on [@dstftw](https://github.com/dstftw) implementation in [youtube-dl](https://github.com/ytdl-org/youtube-dl). A big thanks goes to everyone involved.

Reviewer: Should be `[@dstftw](...)'s`.

Author: yep

## Where to get the latest version

> NewPipe notifies you about new versions, you can download them when you press the notification. An alternative is the [Github release page](https://github.com/TeamNewPipe/NewPipe/releases). If you use the [F-Droid app](https://f-droid.org/), it notifies you as well about an update for [NewPipe](https://f-droid.org/packages/org.schabi.newpipe/) - please keep in mind that it can take F-Droid a while to update their repository.

Reviewer: Can you really "press" notifications? You can "click on" them perhaps.

Author: its a mobile, I aint clicking there
